ARROW-10780: [R] Update known R installation issues for CentOS 7 (#8813)
apache/arrow: r/vignettes/install.Rmd

## Known installation issues

* On CentOS, if you are using a more modern `devtoolset`, you may need to set
the environment variables `CC` and `CXX` (e.g., in the R `Makeconf` file).
These may be set to system defaults (e.g., `CC=/usr/bin/gcc CXX=/usr/bin/g++`)
or they may be set to use the `gcc`/`g++` from the devtoolset. In the latter
case, you will have to make sure that the system arrow dependencies are not

> used (i.e., make sure the system variable `ARROW_USE_PKG_CONFIG` is false).

Reviewer: ... "because the system packages are built with the system compilers"?

Is that the reason? It's worth explaining IMO.

Interestingly, for CentOS 6 we do build with devtoolset-8 (https://github.com/apache/arrow/blob/master/dev/tasks/linux-packages/apache-arrow/yum/centos-6/Dockerfile#L23), but we don't for CentOS 7 or higher. @kou does that make sense?

Author: Yep, just added more explanation. In my testing I got back to the segfault on `write_parquet(...)` using the devtoolset-8 to compile the R package but using arrow-devel/parquet-devel from the system (and compiled by the system compilers)

Reviewer: 👍 thanks!

Reviewer 2: Yes.
We use devtoolset only on CentOS 6 because the system GCC on CentOS 6 is too old to build Apache Arrow C++. CentOS 7 or higher use the system GCC because they aren't old to build Apache Arrow C++.

FYI: I'll dropped support for CentOS 6 soon because CentOS 6 reaches EOL.

> See discussion [here](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/ARROW-8586).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See discussions [here](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/ARROW-8586)
and [here](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/ARROW-10780).
```

## Known installation issues

* On CentOS, if you are using a more modern `devtoolset`, you may need to set

> the environment variables `CC` and `CXX` (e.g., in the R `Makeconf` file).
> These may be set to system defaults (e.g., `CC=/usr/bin/gcc CXX=/usr/bin/g++`)
> or they may be set to use the `gcc`/`g++` from the devtoolset. In the latter
> case, you will have to make sure that the system arrow dependencies are not
> used (i.e., make sure the system variable `ARROW_USE_PKG_CONFIG` is false).
> Otherwise the compiler mismatch between the arrow system libraries and the R
> package may cause R to segfault when `arrow` package functions are used.
> See discussions [here](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/ARROW-8586)
> and [here](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/ARROW-10780).

Reviewer: Some revision for (hopefully) more clarity

```suggestion
the environment variables `CC` and `CXX` either in the shell or in R's `Makeconf`.
For CentOS 7 and above, both the Arrow system packages and the C++ binaries
for R are built with the default system compilers. If you want to use either of these 
and you have a `devtoolset` installed, set `CC=/usr/bin/gcc CXX=/usr/bin/g++` 
to use the system compilers instead of the `devtoolset`. 
Alternatively, if you want to build `arrow` with the newer `devtoolset` compilers, 
set both `ARROW_USE_PKG_CONFIG` and `LIBARROW_BINARY` to `false` so that
you build the Arrow C++ from source using those compilers. 
Compiler mismatch between the arrow system libraries and the R
package may cause R to segfault when `arrow` package functions are used.
See discussions [here](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/ARROW-8586)
and [here](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/ARROW-10780).
```
